romkatv/powerlevel10k

zsh-users/zsh-completions path:src kind:fpath
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search


# oh-my-zsh plugins
getantidote/use-omz
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/autojump
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/bgnotify
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/brew
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/bun
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/chezmoi
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/deno
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-auto-fetch
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-extras
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git-lfs
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/golang
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gpg-agent
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/macos
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pipenv
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pylint
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rust
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ssh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/swiftpm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/volta
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vscode
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/xcode
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/yarn
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zsh-interactive-cd
